This is the DEVLOG

01/13/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - Adapted the server and client code from the Server Homework
    - Added the intial user interface: Once the client and the server are connected. 
      You have type in one of three options (Make, Take, or Results) and a message
      will confirm which one you choose.
     
    Functions added: void clear_buffer(char *buffer);
    Functions added: void process(char *msg);


01/15/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - Start the function to make the quiz. Ask for quiz name, number of question, and quiz pin.
      Then you will be asked to input the contents of each question: the actual question, 
      if the question is a multiple choice or short response, the choices (if it is 
      multiple choice), and the correct answer.
    
    Functions added: toClient.c
    Functions started: void addquestion(int ques_num);
    Functions started: void makequiz();


01/16/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - Added the quizID_gen that will generate a random int to be the id of the quiz. It will 
      check with id.txt which contains all the ids that are currently being used. 

    Function added: quizID_gen();
    Function added: void print_array();
    Function added: void parse_args();
    Function added: int array_len(char **array);
    Function removed: void addquestion(int ques_num);



01/17/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - continued on makequiz(). Added the code to create the two unique txt files in the 
      correct directories. One for the content of the quiz and one for the results of
      the quiz after it is taken by an user.
    - added code to append the quiz id and pin to their respective file.
    - addded a reminder for the user to jot down their quizID and quizPin

    Function added: static void sighandler(int signo);
    Function completed: void makequiz();

01/18/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - started the takequiz() which is the function used to take the quiz. It first ask for 
      the quizID and the user's name. Then it will show the questions one at a time and 
      ask for a response (Letter ABCD for multiple choice or short-response answer).
    - the correct answers and the user answers will be stored in an array and is compared
      to compute a score (fraction correct out of whole) and a percentage.
    - the questions that the user answered incorrectly will be stored in another array.

    Function started: void takequiz();
    
01/19/2021 - Devin Zhang
    - the user's name, score, and questions that are wrong are stored in the unique results
      file in the results directory. This data will be used in the show results section.
      
    Function completed: void takequiz();
    
